Update air gapped docs (#102)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/rke1-cluster.md

1. Click **Create**.

![create-rke-harvester-cluster](assets/create-rke-harvester-cluster.png)

### Using Harvester RKE1 Node Driver in Air Gapped Environment

> RKE1 provisioning relies on the qemu-guest-agent to get the IP of the virtual machine, and docker to set up the RKE cluster.
> It may not be feasible to install qemu-guest-agent and docker in an air gapped environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RKE1 provisioning relies on the `qemu-guest-agent` to get the IP of the virtual machine, and `docker` to set up the RKE cluster. However, it may not be feasible to install `qemu-guest-agent` and `docker` in an air gapped environment.
```

> Option 1. Use a VM image with qemu-guest-agent and docker installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can address the installation constraints with the following options:

Option 1. Use a VM image with `qemu-guest-agent` and `docker` installed.
```

> Option 2. Configure cloud init user data so that the VMs can install qemu-guest-agent and docker via an HTTP proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Option 2. Configure the `cloud init` user data to enable the VMs to install `qemu-guest-agent` and `docker` via an HTTP(S) proxy.
```
